welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about AI robot in the year
2035 humanoid robots serve humanity
which is protected by the Three Laws of
Robotics Dell Spooner a Chicago Police
detective has come to hate and distrust
robots because a robot rescued him from
a car crash by leaving a twelve-year-old
girl to drown by using cold logic it
calculated that his survival was
statistically more likely than the girls
Spooner's critical injuries were
repaired with a cybernetic left arm lung
and ribs personally implanted by the
co-founder of u.s. robots and mechanical
men u.s. robotics in the film dr. Alfred
laning when landing falls to his death
from his office window the police and
Lawrence Robertson the CEO and other
co-founder of us are u.s. robotics
declare it a suicide but spooner as
skeptical during his investigation at us
our headquarters Spooner is accompanied
by Robo psychologist Susan Calvin they
start by consulting us our central
artificial intelligence computer Vicky
virtual interactive kinetic intelligence
to review security footage of landings
fall though the footage in the office is
corrupted they learn that no other
humans were in it at the time and
spooner points out the window which was
made of security glass could only have
been broken by a robot Calvin protests
the robot could not possibly have killed
Lanning as the three laws would prevent
it they are then attacked in the office
by an ns5 robot us DARS latest model
after the police apprehend it they
discover the robot who says its name as
sunny is not an assembly line built and
s5 he was specially built by landing
himself with denser materials in a
secondary neural network giving him the
ability to ignore the three laws later
sunny claims to have emotions and dreams
while pursuing his investigation of
landings death Spooner is attacked by a
us our demolition machine and then a
squad of ns5 robots with no evidence of
it happening Spooner's boss lieutenant
Bergen worried that Spooner is mentally
ill removes him from active duty
suspecting Robertson is behind
everything Spooner and Calvin's
sneaked into u.s. our headquarters and
interview sunny sunny draws the sketch
of what he claims as a recurring dream
it shows a leader standing on a hill
before a large group of robots near a
decaying Mackinac Bridge explaining the
man on the hill as Spooner when
Robertson learns sunny is not fully
bound by the three laws he convinces
Calvin to destroy him by injecting
nanites into his positronic brain
Spooner finds out the landscape in
Sunny's drawing is Lake Michigan now a
dry lakebed in a storage area for
decommissioned robots arriving there he
discovers ns5 robots destroying older
models and preparing for a takeover of
power from humans as the takeover
subsequently begins both police and the
public in major cities are attacked and
overwhelmed by ns5 robots with the
military rendered unresponsive by the US
rs contracts to provide support Spooner
rescues Calvin who had been held captive
in her apartment by her own ns5 they
enter u.s. our headquarters and reunite
with sunny whom Calvin could not bring
herself to kill destroying an
unprocessed ns5 in his place still
believing Robertson is responsible the
three head to his office but finding he
was strangled by an ns5 Spooner figures
out the real reason of why the robots
are attacking vicky she informs them
that through evolving in her
understanding of the Three Laws
she has determined human activity will
eventually cause Humanity's extinction
and as the three laws prohibit her from
letting that sort of thing happen
she rationalizes that restraining
individual human behavior and
sacrificing some humans will ensure
humanity's survival
has realized that landing figured out bi
ki s-- plan and unable to thwart at any
other way created sunny arranged his own
death and left clues so Spooner could
uncover the plan the three head to vi ki
score with sunny tasked with getting
nanites from kelvins laboratory
something that only he can do due to the
special alloy that landing gave him
while retrieving them he says he
understands VI ki is logic but reasons
her plan is too heartless they fight
through an army of robots Viki unleashes
to stop them
after which Spooner dives into VI K ice
core to successfully inject the nanites
destroying her immediately
all NS five robots revert back to their
default normal programming and are
decommissioned for storage by the
military
Spooner gets sunny to confirm he did
kill Lanning at landings direction with
the intention of bringing Spooner into
the investigation however Spooner points
out that sunny as a machine did not
legally commit murder sunny now looking
for a new purpose goes to Lake Michigan
where standing atop a hill all the
decommissioned robots turned towards him
as in the picture of his dream thank you
all for watching don't forget to
subscribe and hit the bell notification
for more of these videos
[Music]